# 8frameworks
Code produced with ChatGPT for the medium.com post "7+1 JavaScript FrameWorks Compared"

Each folder contains the code generated by ChatGPT with a given JavaScript Framework. It **does not contain** the entire project structure.

Here is the prompt used for make ChatGPT generate the code. A final sentence was
added to the prompt for each framework (for example: Use Angular).

Create the code for a web page that shows a table having 6 columns: id,title,description,price,thumbnail,action. 
To fill it fetch data from the API at URL https://dummyjson.com/products (include the handling of failed fetch too). 
That API  return a JSON structure like the following: {
  "products": [
    {
      "id": 1,
      "title": "iPhone 9",
      "description": "An apple mobile which is nothing like apple",
      "price": 549,
      "discountPercentage": 12.96,
      "rating": 4.69,
      "stock": 94,
      "brand": "Apple",
      "category": "smartphones",
      "thumbnail": "...",
      "images": ["...", "...", "..."]
    },
    {...},
    {...},
    {...}
    // 30 items
  ],

  "total": 100,
  "skip": 0,
  "limit": 30
}
Each product will generate a table row, with values for each column (id, title, description, price and thumbnail) got from the corresponding property
 of the product.The last cell of each row (in column "action") will show a button "Edit". The thumbnail column must contain the thumbnail image with a maximum width = 100px.
When the user clicks on the button, a popup modal window is shown containing a from 
that allows the user to edit the values for properties: title, description, and price.
If the user click the Save button on the form, the corresponding cells of the table are updated, if he clicks "Cancel" no change is made. In both cases 
the form is closed. 
